generally speaking reddit is not a place
that you go to stand out even with the
introduction of more fully fleshed out
user profiles in 2017 read it as a site
that's just not simply conducive to
homing in on individual user names
unless someone points them out but every
so often an individual user will start
to get noticed by the greater reddit
community usually it's just some kind of
gimmick account like the poem guy or the
drawing guy or the other drawing guy
other times it's due to a running joke
like war lizard constantly getting asked
about his forums or for the wolf ex who
simply said that he wanted to be reddit
famous and then there's the redditors
who rise to the top simply because
they're good at accumulating a lot of
karma these types of editors often
referred to as power users are typically
reviled by the community does anyone
have a list of power users to block but
there is one famous redditor who is
beloved by most of the community a
biologist named you need an you need an
would often respond to scientific
questions with useful thought-out
answers a pillar of the reddit community
yet if you go to his profile today it's
gone so what happened to you need an
this is the story of one of Redditt most
beloved power users and the scandal that
chased him off the website
this video is made possible by Kaspersky
I've made reference a few times on this
channel just how much of a disaster
Windows XP was for me I mean it seemed
like I would click on any website go
anywhere and just my computer would just
instantly fill with viruses and all
kinds of junk malware keyloggers
totally innocuous stuff just filling my
computer up with garbage and of course
you know I was going around to all kinds
of web sites back then they obviously
and these experiences made me very
fastidious about my computer security at
least I thought so you see I was wrong
and I realized this once again this time
when I was playing Diablo 3 a lot of all
things back in those days I basically
missed the whole stone of Jordan economy
of Diablo 2 but when the avila 3 came
around I was there at the ground level
and I had fortunately gone all kinds of
good stuff for my character stuff that
really fit my build and other stuff that
you know I could put on the real money
auction house for some scrilla but then
one day I log in and my character is
completely naked no items or equipment
of any kind so I figure it's some kind
of a glitch
I turned the game off back on cuz you
know that usually works but it didn't
work this time it was still nothing
get on the phone with customer service
and yeah someone had logged into my
account and wiped me out completely and
they thought once again the culprit was
a keylogger
and it was wild that feeling of having
my privacy violated it kind of it felt
like someone broke into my actual house
and took my stuff and last year one in
four people had their private
information accessed without their
permission which you know if you scaled
to the number of subscribers that I have
on this channel that would be like a
hundred thousand of you guys if you want
to avoid having these kinds of things
happen Kaspersky cybersecurity can help
keep your computer safe
they've repelled billions of cyber
security attacks and have been in
business for over 20 years
hashtag my privacy matters if you've had
your privacy online compromised let me
know in the comment section tell me your
story and click the link in the
description box where a 60 percent
discount on Kaspersky total security
falls from grace are pretty common on
the Internet it seems like we see them
almost every day nowadays
but it's rare for such a positive force
in an online community to come apart the
seams in such a peculiar way as what
happened to you need an so let's start
at the beginning
you need an had a pretty inauspicious
start on reddit with a number of
submissions that went mostly unnoticed
it wasn't until he commented on a post
entitled I am a woman in an adult
nursing relationship with my husband AMA
that he started to build the reputation
that would make him a fixture on the
website when someone asked a question
about how it would be possible for a
childless woman to lactate he responded
biologist ear nipple stimulation
typically by an infant will trigger the
production of prolactin which will then
cause lactation how long were the sort
of thing take to be induced by an adult
it should technically be about the same
if the pressure exerted was similar
nipples don't have eyes to tell the
difference I know this because I am a
biologist and from that point on it was
history you need an had found his niche
in the reddit ecosystem and would
continue to respond to biology related
questions throughout the site in a
thread asking the most unbelievable fact
you know he responded ecologist ear this
may not sound interesting to anyone but
one of the craziest facts that come
across in my work is in regards to
tropical forests tropical rainforests in
the Amazon have their soil nutrients
periodically replenished by the Sahara
Desert wind blows dust particles all the
way from the desert across the ocean to
the tropics where the sand and its
associated nutrients helped the
fertility of the rainforest and his
responses to other users throughout this
thread gives good sampling of what
people came to expect from him ants have
more biomass than humans biologists here
not sure why you're being downloaded and
Southwest by quite a bit guy who Google
imaged it here Opie's claim checked out
fear the ants legitimately though if
ants were to suddenly collectively rise
up against humans it would be terrifying
see a food for example have been known
to climb inside of animals via their
noses walk down into their lungs and
chew on their respiratory tissues this
essentially suffocates the animal from
the inside
imagine you're being covered in them
while you sleep you swat a thousand off
your chest
laughs you crawl on your body cleaning
among your hair's while you're busy
killing those ants a thousand more have
already begun to scale you while the
others you must inject you with a formic
acid laced bite imagine troops with no
hesitation an army that can utilize a
single food source without losing morale
an army that would gladly sacrifice
itself if a bryophytes example moss or
liverworts runs out of water it just
goes into suspended animation and comes
back to life when it gets water which
means theoretically mosses can live
forever
biologists hear the reason for this is
because bryophytes are non vascular this
means that they do not have specialized
tissues for conducting water or
nutrients as for example trees do trees
are vascular plants that have lignified
lignin being the compound that makes
wood woody cell structures that can
conduct water bryophytes are much
simpler they not contain many if any
specialized cells which means that each
cell must gain its water essentially on
its own and liverworts for example this
means its leaves are only one cell thick
this condition is referred to as point
Killa Hydra which is the ability
desiccate dry out without damage on a
side note not all bryophytes or mosses
you should change your ie to an EEG as
there are also liverworts at hornworts
which are cool guys to day in and day
out you need and leave comments like
this and he was quickly building an
impressive following on a site that
wasn't really tailored towards having
followings and after the feature was
introduced people would routinely tag
him on biology related questions he even
had a subreddit created for him named
our slash you need an fans where people
would just talk about him and if you
visit urban dictionary he has his own
entry you need an name given to anybody
that is extremely knowledgeable about a
given subject that guy really knows a
lot about aquariums he's like a fish you
need
and on April 25th of 2013 you need an me
Nia came to a peak when he had his own
AMA answering questions about the man
behind the account
I am the excited biologist ama hi guys I
have some time off today after teaching
so after getting a whole mess of
requests that I do one of these here we
are I'm a field biologist technically an
ecosystem ecologist who primarily works
with wild bird populations I do other
work in wetlands and urban ecosystems
and I've spent a good amount of time in
the jungles of Costa Rica where I fought
off some of the deadliest snakes in the
world while working to restore the
native tropical forests with the aid of
the Costa Rican government
aside from biology I used to perform
comedy shows it was cooked for years
asked me anything at all and I'd be glad
to respond although most of the
questions were really questions and were
mostly just praise he did elaborate in a
question by war lizard another famous
writer that I planned to cover in the
future please justify your existence
sure thing I helped to make policy
decisions involving water quality that
affects people's drinking water and air
quality I also make recommendations for
general health and safety more recently
I helped read you plans for a business
park that it plans to put a children's
nursery on top of former chemical spill
site contaminated with perc additionally
I've done comedy shows to raise money
for veterans and animal shelters I
worked in the jungle to reestablish
tropical rainforests preserving native
biodiversity and habitats for rare
species and I'm currently a college
instructor educating many of tomorrow's
doctors and medical professionals we
also got to see just how passionate you
need an
was about birds personality trait that
would eventually be is undoing so you
study birds do you tell me how a 5-ounce
bird carries a one-pound coconut are you
suggesting that coconuts migrate you are
the expert what if your studies show
coconuts do migrate but
swallows are not involved they actually
migrate through buoyancy and water
currents a better term would be
dispersed as we don't quite expect that
the coconuts will return home anytime
soon
best EIL ever thank you you're quite
welcome and you need ends legacy would
continue to grow for about another year
until that fateful day July 30th of 2014
when this image was posted to our /
advice animals Wow
Qatar is using human slavery to build
stadiums for the 2022 World Cup Hey look
that crow is asking for water this was
in reference to a gift that went viral
the day before featuring a crow asking
for order because you know if you enjoy
pictures of cute animals just becomes
completely impossible to care about
world issues you can't do both it's got
to be one or the other but the thing
about the crow in that viral gift
it wasn't exactly a crow and this fact
cause you need n to go full Neil
deGrasse Tyson what if I told you unless
you want an army there's really not much
you could do about guitar what if I told
you the crow he's referring to is
actually a jack dog I thought jackdaws
were a type of crow
nope they're in the crow genus but they
usually get differentiate in the same
way Ravens do and was in an exchange
with a user named eka six where things
got particularly eated they're all part
of the crow family do you call Bluejays
crows no I don't call Jack those ropes
or Ravens crows either because I like to
be specific doesn't change the fact that
they're all apart of the crow family
sure so why would you call a jackdaw
crow if you want to be specific then
you'd say they're a Corvette but hey
what would I know I only research crows
because most people don't know anything
about birds and Colt black ones grows
most of the time they're not wrong in
calling them crows either I've never
seen people argue over whether something
is a jackdaw or a crow in my life it's
like arguing over whether someone's a
human or any doesn't make sense to argue
it also calling them a Corbitt is less
specific than saying a jackdaw so not
sure what point you're trying to get
across here if you research crows then
you'd know that jackdaws and such are a
part of the crow family here's the thing
you said a jackdaws a crow is it in the
same family
yes no one's arguing that as someone who
is a scientist who studies crows I am
Telling You
specifically in science no one calls
jackdaws crows if you want to be
specific like you said then you
shouldn't either they're not the same
thing if you're saying crow family
you're referring to the taxonomic group
of Corvidae which includes things from
nutcrackers to Blue Jays to Ravens
so your reasoning for calling a Jack
Doyle crow is because random people call
the black ones crows let's get grackles
and black birds in there than to also :
someone a human or an ape is not one or
the other that's not how tech sonmi
works the both a jack toe is a jackdaw
and a member of the crow family but
that's not what you said you said a Jack
Doyle is a crow which is not true unless
you're okay with calling all members of
the crow family crows which means you
call Blue Jays Ravens and other birds
crows to which you said you don't it's
okay it's just admit you're wrong you
know it goes on for much longer but I
think you get the picture
but whatever you know people get into
petty arguments I've read it all the
time it's like a core feature of the
site who cares right well someone did
because later that day was discovered
that uniden the most beloved redditor
and all of Reddit had been shadow banned
but why one of the earliest theories
that people had why you need an was
shadow then was that
cause of his popularity anyone he argued
against would be vote pervaded but when
asked about it later in a reddit blog
post an admin named cupcake 1713 gave
the real reason why you need an was
Shadow Man his van had nothing to do
with meta vote Perkins can we explain
what it did have to do with he was
caught using a number of alternate
accounts to download people he was
arguing with upload his own submissions
and comments and download submissions
made around the same time he posted his
own facility he got even more of an
artificial popularity boost it was some
pretty blatant vote manipulation which
is against our site rules that's right
you need an the excited biologists the
most famous redditor and the only power
user that people could stand was caught
manipulating votes in order to boost his
own popularity this had been going on
for years and he probably would have
never gotten caught had he not gotten
really mad online in a conversation
about groves afterwards you knew Dan
would've returned with a new account on
our / subreddit drama to say his piece
there you go hey guys first off sorry
secondly sorry for abusing your trust
the whole shadow banning incident was
due to me having created five alternate
accounts which I never posed to it but
would use mainly to bump things out of
the new queue by uploading myself and
downloading others this is shitty Fred's
voting system for many obvious reasons
and the rationale that I had bind it was
selfish mainly wanting things I was
submitting to get more views be it for a
photo I thought was interesting and AMA
I was involved with or a new video I had
produced regardless of my intentions to
share stuff with Brendon it was wrong
thirdly sorry for flying off the handle
during arguments some of the votes would
be to bury misinformation or things I
wholeheartedly disagree with it's also a
shitty thing to do since that's what the
voting is for not for me to control
lastly to set the record straight if
people still want to believe me I've
never raised any money for personal
profit or advertise anything they gained
revenue from views that would benefit me
and not the project the projects we
raised money for unread
studying animals and creating books for
children are entirely clean I swear that
on my life so mainly I [__] up I'm
genuinely sorry I did any of the
stupidity in the first place and hope it
can be forgiven if not hey that's your
choice I can't use a hole to change that
if the administrators are okay with it
I'll be continuing to post science
material and chat with folks under this
account and I'll hopefully get back to
my roots without all the drama and of
course I will never do something so
stupid and Trust violating again sorry
ultimately reddit did allow him to
continue posting from this new account
you need an ex and he did so up until
2018 where he disappeared throughout
those years he would make good on his
promise to continue posting more science
related content but with the added bonus
now of people constantly taunting him
about crows and jackdaws and thus
concludes the story of uniden if you
liked this video you'll also like my
video about the hello my future
girlfriend kid goodbye